
- Iaas(Infrstructure as a service)
- Pass(Platform as a service)
- Saas()

There are three main cloud service models. Each model represents a different part of the cloud computing stack and gives you a different level of control over your IT resources:•Infrastructure as a service (IaaS):Services in this category are the basic building blocks for cloud IT and typically provide you with access to networking features, computers (virtual or on dedicated hardware), and data storage space. IaaS provides you with the highest level of flexibility and management control over your IT resources. It is the most similar to existing IT resources that many IT departments and developers are familiar with today.•Platform as a service (PaaS): Services in this category reduce the need for you to manage the underlying infrastructure (usually hardware and operating systems) and enable you to focus on the deployment and management of your applications. •Software as a service (SaaS):Services in this category provide you with a completed product that the service provider runs and manages. In most cases, software as a service refers to end-user applications. With a SaaS offering, you do not have to think about how the service is maintained or how the underlying infrastructure is managed. You need to think only about how you plan to use that particular piece of software. A common example of a SaaS application is web-based email, where you can send and receive email without managing feature additions to the email product or maintaining the servers and operating systems that the email program runs on.© 2022, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.10Cloud service modelsIaaS(infrastructure as a service)PaaS(platform as a service)SaaS(software as a service)More controlover IT resourcesLess controlover IT resourcesAWS Training and Certification Module 1: Cloud Concepts Overview © 2022, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved. 13 
